hi everyone this is Doogie here with a
quick video update for all the level 80
players itching to get to level 85 if
you know nothing about the new level 80
to 85 zones then make sure you keep
watching the rest of this video I have
some really good tips that will help you
get started quickly when the new cattle
ism's owns are live first thing first
you pan you've probably already done
this for horde you should set your
hearthstone and or gamma and alliance
should do the same thing install one
city or government storming are pretty
much going to be the noodle around where
everyone hangs out first on mothers is
to make sure your bet you empty your
bags I know it sounds simple enough but
so many people will forget to do this
you will need about 250 gold for Azeroth
flight training you can train right here
by the flight master in Orgrimmar or
storm and city for alliance you're going
to need to purchase this as soon as you
log in or else you won't be able to fly
around in the new cattle isms own you
won't be able to buy it right now but
after December 7 this NPC right here
should offer you the flight master
license and I think the reputation
discount should applies as well so it
will be less than 250 gold the next
thing is you should clear out your quest
logs yes get rid of those stupid quest
that is lingering around you're never
going to get that Shadowmoon but here's
a handy tip if you aiming for real Murs
level 85 real first achievement go and
complete all the ice crown and storm
peak dailies but don't turn them in I'll
leave them at a complete state in your
log the moment cattle ISM becomes active
these dailies will reward you with
experience points for an instant boost
for of about 35% experience to level 81
so I recommend you stock up on argent
tournament dailies and Icecrown dailies
and also the winter grabs dailies so you
can turn them in fast and head out to
hide your vagi if you don't like doing
the ice crown dailies then you can
replace them with the Sun of audio
dailies in storm pick this trick is
extremely handy if you're trying for the
real
first level 85 achievement or if you
just want to be ahead of everyone else
remember to set your hearts down to all
gamma or storm one and the moment cattle
ISM goes live on December 7 quickly turn
an old 25 daily quests and use your
heart stone to go back and buy your
flight master license and head out to
mount hyjal or VAR gia which brings us
the big question of which zone are you
going to choose first because you only
need to do one of them to get up to
level 85 do you guys I've got you
covered for both these massive zone and
we covered the entire zone so you will
get your low math achievement done as
well both zones are awesome with a lot
of phasing and great storyline my
personal choice will be Vasya because
the zone is such a unique experience
although being underwater does sound a
bit off-putting to some people you will
get an underwater speed increase buff to
allow you to run on the sea floor and
you will also get a cool seahorse mouth
that will swim at the same speed as a
epic flying mount but I'm predicting
that most player will choose mount hyjal
because that's slightly faster for
leveling and easier to get into but
that'd probably be a good reason to go
to VII because there'll be less players
there if you don't mind spending the
money I would recommend transferring
your character to a low population PvE
server right now because the first week
of cattle ISM is going to be crazy if
you're on a PvP server there's going to
be a lot of PvP action and will take
longer for you to complete your quest
because every NPC in the zone will
constantly be dead because everybody is
doing the same quest another thing that
you should do to help you choose which
zone that you want to do is the
reputation rewards by doing Voyager you
will gain reputation for the earthen
ring and the reward that you should pay
most attention to is the head and chant
shown here with which is 90 stamina and
35 dodge this is actually ideal mostly
for tanking classes or melee classes but
if you scroll down to check out the
epics below there's actually nothing
here vailable for my warrior there's a
plate here but it's more
ideal for Holi paladin and if I check
out the high jewel reputation section I
can see here that the head enchants is
useless for my class but great for any
class the class but what I like is the
epic reward as there is two really good
rewards for my character so high jewel
is actually a bit more ideal for me so
make sure you check out those award
pages and you can find them on wow head
or click the link below this page but
you really can't go wrong either way
there are pros and cons to both side my
suggestion just picks whichever zone
that is most appealing to you another
thing you should know is that if you
teleport back to or gamma or storm one
city you can always return back to the
callosum zone just by using the portals
in the earthen ring section you can find
the earthen ring on your map in or gamma
right now or storm and city for alliance
once you have entered the zone the
portals will appear for you so you will
always have easy access to all the new
cattle isms own so that's it for my
cattle ism tips I hope you enjoyed this
video visit our web site at ultimate
Wagga comm check out our blogs check out
our free guides buy our guides and tell
your friends this is Doogie signing out
enjoy cat ilysm and thank you for
watching